README.md, before:

# Ping Pong Game with Neural Networks

This project is a ping pong game where both players are controlled by neural networks. The neural networks are implemented using PyTorch and have a continuous learning and reinforcement learning system.

## Project Purpose

The purpose of this project is to create a simple game environment where neural networks can learn and improve their performance over time through continuous learning and reinforcement learning.

## How to Run the Game

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/MeryylleA/ping-pong-neural-net.git
   cd ping-pong-neural-net
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Run the game:
   ```
   python game.py
   ```

## How to Train the Neural Networks

1. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Train the neural networks:
   ```
   python train.py
   ```

3. The trained models will be saved in the `models` directory.

## Error Handling Improvements

The code has been updated to include error handling for various parts of the game and neural network training process. This includes error handling for:
- Pygame initialization and screen creation
- Paddle and ball creation
- Event handling in the main game loop
- Sprite updates and collision checks
- Screen updates and frame rate capping
- Tensor creation in the `train` method
- Model forward pass in the `train` method
- Loss calculation and backpropagation in the `train` method
- Optimizer step in the `train` method
- Neural network initialization
- Game object initialization
- Training loop
- Action retrieval from neural networks
- Player and ball updates
- Collision checks and reward calculation
- Model saving

## Bug Fixes and Significant Improvements

The code has also been updated to fix bugs and implement significant improvements in the game and neural network training process. These improvements include:
- Improved collision detection and handling
- Enhanced reward calculation logic
- Optimized neural network training process
- Better handling of edge cases and unexpected situations

## Scoring System

The game now includes a scoring system to keep track of points for each player. The scores are displayed on the screen during the game. When a player scores a point, the ball position is reset, and the scores are updated accordingly.

Commit message:

Fix neural network bug in ping pong game
Fix the critical bug where neural networks do not control the paddles in the ping pong game.

* **game.py**
  - Import `ReinforcementLearning` from `neural_network.py`.
  - Initialize `player1_nn` and `player2_nn` instances of `ReinforcementLearning`.
  - Update `Paddle` class to include `neural_network` attribute.
  - Modify `Paddle.update` method to use `neural_network` for y position.
  - Update main game loop to pass state to `neural_network`.

* **README.md**
  - Add section on how to use trained models in the game.

README.md, after:

# Ping Pong Game with Neural Networks

This project is a ping pong game where both players are controlled by neural networks. The neural networks are implemented using PyTorch and have a continuous learning and reinforcement learning system.

## Project Purpose

The purpose of this project is to create a simple game environment where neural networks can learn and improve their performance over time through continuous learning and reinforcement learning.

## How to Run the Game

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/MeryylleA/ping-pong-neural-net.git
   cd ping-pong-neural-net
   ```

2. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

3. Run the game:
   ```
   python game.py
   ```

## How to Train the Neural Networks

1. Install the required dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```

2. Train the neural networks:
   ```
   python train.py
   ```

3. The trained models will be saved in the `models` directory.

## How to Use Trained Models in the Game

1. Ensure the trained models are saved in the `models` directory.
2. Run the game:
   ```
   python game.py
   ```

## Error Handling Improvements

The code has been updated to include error handling for various parts of the game and neural network training process. This includes error handling for:
- Pygame initialization and screen creation
- Paddle and ball creation
- Event handling in the main game loop
- Sprite updates and collision checks
- Screen updates and frame rate capping
- Tensor creation in the `train` method
- Model forward pass in the `train` method
- Loss calculation and backpropagation in the `train` method
- Optimizer step in the `train` method
- Neural network initialization
- Game object initialization
- Training loop
- Action retrieval from neural networks
- Player and ball updates
- Collision checks and reward calculation
- Model saving

## Bug Fixes and Significant Improvements

The code has also been updated to fix bugs and implement significant improvements in the game and neural network training process. These improvements include:
- Improved collision detection and handling
- Enhanced reward calculation logic
- Optimized neural network training process
- Better handling of edge cases and unexpected situations

## Scoring System

The game now includes a scoring system to keep track of points for each player. The scores are displayed on the screen during the game. When a player scores a point, the ball position is reset, and the scores are updated accordingly.
